# Challenge

With this step by step challenge you will have a parallel learning experience of Embedded Systems and continue with the implementation of functionality on top of the project you have built during the workshop.

# Online Training, Summer Short Course on Embedded Systems Programming

> The course was taught in Zhejiang University, Summer 2014. It provided the opportunities for students to learn various fundamental issues as well as practical development skill in the area of embedded systems programming. The goals of the course were to let student
- Understand the design issues of embedded software and gain an in-depth knowledge of development and execution environment on target processors.
- Understand the functions and the internal structure of device interfaces, drivers, and real-time operating systems.
- Acquire the skill to develop multi-threaded embedded software in target environment, including good quality and coding style for embedded programming, and testing and debugging approaches to verify embedded software operations.
- Develop feasible task scheduling and carry out system performance and task schedulability analyses.

> The target development environment used in the course was Intel's Galileo board. The board, with it rich architectural features, was used to investigate embedded software characteristics and IO operations, and to experience system design and development practices.

- [Summer Short Course on Embedded Systems Programming](http://rts.lab.asu.edu/web_ESP_Summer2014/ESP_Main_page.htm)

__Instruction__ Complete all "Summer Short Course on Embedded Systems Programming"

# Build Systems, Yocto Board Support Package, Modules, Simulated Sensor Kernel Module

Section [Build Systems Yocto Board Support Package Modules](https://theiotlearninginitiative.gitbooks.io/embedded-linux/content/documentation/Modules.html)

__Instruction__ 

> Write a Linux Kernel module that gets registered under /sys/kernel/sensor, Simulated Sensor Kernel Module will generate a random number

# Build Systems, Yocto Board Support Package, Modules, Simulated Sensor Module, Load Automatically At Boot Time 

Section [Build Systems Yocto Board Support Package Modules](https://theiotlearninginitiative.gitbooks.io/embedded-linux/content/documentation/Modules.html)

__Instruction__

> Make your Simulated Sensor Module load automatically at boot time

# Build Systems, Yocto Board Support Package, Modules, Simulated Sensor Module, InternetOfThings101/main.py 

Section [Build Systems Yocto Board Support Package Modules](https://theiotlearninginitiative.gitbooks.io/embedded-linux/content/documentation/Modules.html)

__Instruction__

> Implement code to replace existing functionality/logic under InternetOfThings101/main.py functionDataSensor to use the random number generated by the Simulated Sensor Kernel Module

# Temboo


# Telegram Bot


# Wit.Ai

